Add warnings against exposing auth tokens in web apps (#7606)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/reference/content-delivery-api/protected-content-in-the-delivery-api/README.md

If you are looking to achieve server-to-server access to protected content, please refer to [server-to-server access article](server-to-server-access.md) instead.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
It is no longer recommended to use public OpenID Connect (OAuth) clients for web applications. If you want to use protected content from the Delivery API in a web application, please consider adding additional layers of security.

> You'll find more details in [this article](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/configure-oidc-web-authentication) from Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is no longer recommended to use public OpenID Connect (OAuth) clients for web applications. If you want to use protected content from the Delivery API in a web application, consider adding additional layers of security.

For more details, see [Microsoft’s guide on configuring OpenID Connect for web authentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/configure-oidc-web-authentication).
```
